---
layout: post
title: "Matthew Li, Student, Weekly Reflection #6(10/26/18)"
date: 2018-10-26
---
Throughout this semester I learned a lot about coding. We learned how to make contracts, circles of evaluations, and how to code images. For example, I learned how to make simple shapes like circles, rectangles, stars, and triangles. It was kind of confusing at first, but as time went on I got more and more use to coding shapes, and eventually I got the hang of it. Now it is pretty easy to code the shapes. I learned that if you put in the right contract the computer will give you what you want. It is like how you give someone something and the other people will give you what for the price of what you are giving that person. I also learned how to make circle of evaluation. That waws also pretty confusing at first, but once my partner helped with the circles, I got the hang of how to make the circles of evaluation. After learning how to make the circles of evaluation we then learned how to code the circles of evaluation using brakets. Recently, we learned how to code images and put images. Mr.Allata gave us resources on what to code, and that was easy. The only challenging part of this was when it came to using put image. The challenging part was getting the correct coordinates. When we were doing the flag project, it was easy making the outline of the map. But when it came to overlaying the red circle in the middle, it was not easy to get the correct coordinates for the middle of the circle. Defining the images was easy also. Once I knew how to make define images, overlaying the images was easier. Then came the other part, the put image. I also learned how to get images using bitmap.url, when we were making our game for the class, I learned how to get images from Google and then later use it for our game. In the beginning of the semester, I learned what html and what css meant. I also learned that a repository is a container for a project, and that folders are containers for files to give the containers a name. That was when we got into the coding part of the class. I then later learned that heading mean a lot when it comes to coding. Like when you use the heading <      l      i      >    you are defining a list item, and when you use the heading <   p    >( it's like this because if you use the heading, it will use the heading) you are defining a paragraph, lastly, when you use the heading <ul> you are telling the computer define a unordered list. There are a lot more headings that is out there, but those are just some examples. I also learned how to make equations when it comes to coding. I knew how to make regular equations when it came to regular equations, but now it is also pretty easy when it comes to coding the equations. I think that that is it but there will be a lot more to learn in the rest of the semester.
